Rewrite Scripting section of the User Manual (#644)
playcanvas/developer-site: docs/user-manual/publishing/web/communicating-webpage.md

In your application

<Tabs defaultValue="classic" groupId='script-code'>
<TabItem  value="esm" label="ESM">

```javascript

> import { Application } from 'playcanvas';
> window.addEventListener("message", function (event) {
>     if (event.origin === "http://example.com") { // always check message came from your website
>         var score = event.data.score;
> 
>         // call API method one:
>         window.setScore(score);
> 
>         // call API method two:
>         var app = Application.getApplication();
>         app.fire("score:set", score);
>     }
> }, false);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Application } from 'playcanvas';

window.addEventListener("message", (event) => {
    if (event.origin === "http://example.com") { // always check message came from your website
        const score = event.data.score;

        // call API method one:
        window.setScore(score);

        // call API method two:
        const app = Application.getApplication();
        app.fire("score:set", score);
    }
}, false);
```
